Risk Parameter Updates for Aave v2 Polygon (#231)
aave/aip: content/aips/RISK-PARAMS-UPDATE-AAVE-V2-POLYGON.md

---
title: Risk Parameter Updates for Aave v2 Polygon
shortDescription: Update Polygon v2 Risk Parameters
author: Llamaxyz & Chaos Labs (defijesus, Matthew Graham, Omer Arie Goldberg, Yonatan Haimowitz)
discussions: https://governance.aave.com/t/arc-risk-parameter-recommendations-for-aave-v2-polygon-2022-11-25/10826
created: 2022-11-26
---

# Simple Summary

In response to recent market events and the resulting discussion on the [Aave governance forum](https://governance.aave.com/t/arc-risk-parameter-recommendations-for-aave-v2-eth-2022-11-22/10757) regarding the Aave communities risk appetite, Llama and Chaos Labs proposes to make a series of parameter changes to the Polygon Aave v2 Liquidity Pool.

# Abstract

We specifically recommend freezing for GHST, BAL and SUSHI as a risk-off approach as the community can utilise the asset on the Polygon v3 deployment with enhanced risk tooling, such as supply and borrow caps. Borrowing is to be disabled for LINK, DPI and CRV Reserves.

# Motivation

In response to recent market events and the continued contraction of liquidity across markets, this proposal seeks to reduce the risk profile across many higher volatile assets.

> It is likely, LTV and LT thresholds for highly liquidity assets will also require amending in the near future. This will be managed via a separate submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is likely, LTV and LT thresholds for highly liquid assets will also require amending in the near future. This will be managed via a separate submission.
```

> It is likely, LTV and LT thresholds for highly liquidity assets will also require amending in the near future. This will be managed via a separate submission.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is likely, LTV and Liquidation Threshold (LT) for highly liquidity assets will also require amending in the near future. This will be managed via a separate submission.
```
